# Disclaimer
This repository does not implement production ready code. 
It is not optimized for performance, security or any other aspect.

# Description
## Project Structure
The project is structured as follows:
- `src/`: Contains the source code of the project.
- `plots/`: Contains the plots generated by the project.
- `report/`: Contains the report of the project and all its resources.

## Technologies
The project is developed using the following technologies:
- `Python 3.11`: The main programming language used to build and run the pipelines and to analyze the data.
- `R`: The programming language used to download the data from TCGA.

## Requirements
### Python
The Python's dependencies are listed in the `requirements.txt` file. To install them, run the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### R
The R's requirements are self-contained in the `download_data.R` file and are installed automatically when the script is run.


## How to run
To run the project, follow the steps below:
1. Download the data from TCGA by running the `download_data.R` script using Rscript or RStudio.
2. Run the `main.py` script using Python to analyze the data.


# Report
The report is provided as:
- PDF
- TAX
- Markdown

The PDF is the compiled version of Latex file.

## Plots
Each plot is provided either as PNG and HTML.
The HTML files are interactive and can be opened in any browser to zoom in and out and to see the data points.

# Tested Platforms
The project was tested on the following platforms:
- Windows 11 64-bit @ Intel i7-9700K, 16GB RAM, NVIDIA RTX 4070
- Windows 11 64-bit @ Intel i7-3770, 8GB RAM, NVIDIA GTX 980
- MacOS 14.3.1 @ Apple M1, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
For data-specific licenses, please refer to the original sources.
